Open your browser and visit google.com

In the search box start typing the title of this lecture "Introduction to text ..."

Notice as you continue typing a list of suggestion appears
i've followed all the above instructions

What do you observe in the list of suggestion? Are there any patterns?

I start google from "I" then "n" and so on to complete "Introduction To Text Analysis". (I ingnored my recent searched suggestion
just because they are start with installing or install) before the obeservation i was thinking google suggestion are bassed on Alphabets.
but I was wrong. because the new search suggestion which I never searched before was related "India Corona Virus" and "Islamic date" etc.
so i discovered new observation and that was "Google give us suggestion according to recent activity happen near you or may be in the world
and the second one the occation happening at my location or country" 

then I realise I am using my gmail and may be these search suggestion retrived just becasue of my social accounts linked to my gmail.
so I decided to change my device, created a new gamil and now I searched the same.and I found almost same suggestion regarding to india, ipl, iftar and Islam.

when I typed "IN" I confirmed my self there is no alphabatic order is followed by Google because it shows me "instagram" at top and "infinix and india" at buttom.
and the most happiest thing I have noticed "lemmatizing" (on my old gmail there was 'to, and, of, for' were displayed") that was a next level satisfaction.

"INT" shows me the suggestion start with "internet" and introvert last two searches are "integration" "intimate". 
I conclude may be google suggest us on the basis of top searches and end as possibility of upcoming vowel.

"INTR" and I found the possible vowel are added that complete the word introduction, intransitive, intrinsic etc   

"INTRO" i found google very smart because it know the upcomming word can not be a vowel.
"INTROD" then google shows me again vowel "U" it seems like googled confirmed it's INTRODUCE or INTRODUCTION.
so I decided to complete the word "INTRODUCTION"
it shows me Introductio synonym
and introduction yourself
rather then this google forget "lemmatizing" it suggest me 'to', 'of'.
may be the sugestion was on the basis of popular searches

"INTRODUCTION TO T" on the top suggestion it shows me "Trigromatery class 10". recently class 10th exam were held. Thermodynamics as well
after that I observed "INTRODUCTION TO Textile" "INTRODUCTION TO Tolpology" "INTRODUCTION TO Technology" up comming vowel  and popular searches.

INTRODUCTION TO Te googled shows me all suggestion regarding to textile (clothing, designing, printing) Eid is nearest upcoming ocation.
INTRODUCTION TO Text now it shows me INTRODUCTION TO Text Analysis result at top
and at buttom "INTRODUCTION TO Textarea", "INTRODUCTION TO Text to girl", "INTRODUCTION TO atom Text editor"
so I created a hypothsis "google suggest us on the basis of people most searched and suggest the word with vowel" 


Repeat steps 2 to 4 but this time use duckduckgo.com
Done..!!

Repeat step 2 to 4 and this time use bing.com
Done..!

Which search engine's list of suggestion is better and why?
in between google, bing and duckduckgo 
i found google suggestion effecting just because the initial suggestion was related to recent activity.
and other side bing and duckduckgo suggestion was not effected till end it doesn't recognise what I trying to retrive.
offcourse google suggestion were litle bit fast then bing and duckduckgo too.


observe the list of search results for "introduction to text analysis" on 3 search engines, google, duckduckgo and bing

done..!

Do all search engines return the same result?

top result were fully similar, but image result were little bit diffrent.
but intresting thing was about result
google About 1,020,000,000 results (0.39 seconds) 
bing 541,000 Results
duckduck go doesn't shows how many result it founds

Which site is listed in the top 5 results of all 3 search engines?

at the top of these serch engine was
https://guides.library.duke.edu/text_analysis#:~:text=Introduction%20to%20Text%20Analysis%3A%20About%20Text%20Analysis&text=%22Text%20analysis%22%20is%20a%20broad,can%20be%20organized%20and%20described.

(almost all of these three search engine has same websites at top)

Do you think that the order of the websites in the search results is important?

yes it's important. because the search engines were diffrent so I was expacting diffrent results.


Try to find which mechanism / formula / algorithm(s) are being used to order the results.

I observed all the search result, top 3 to 4 results are fully same "WebResults"
pictures, news, books these were showing diffrent results.
and i found that maybe the most visited sites are on top
at the rest most visited site on 2020, then 2019 and so on.

i was not satisfied
so i googled it which machanism and algorithm or formula are used in order the result

i found an article (https://blog.alexa.com/how-search-engines-work/)
 summary of that article:
the algorithm/machanism or formula through which search engines shows us result were quite secrate.
the basics are "A search engine has many interlinked machanism that works togather"
there are three basic mechanisms
web crawlers: bots are created and they search new pages. they collect information and index them.
search index: a record of web pages organized and they allow association between keyword terms and page content.
search algoriths: the designed to figure out how relevant that page is to a search term, and determine how the results are ranked based on quality and popularity.

and in course of semantic web I've studied Ontologies Rdf and SPARQl I am pretty sure these terminologies mudt be used
when developing search engines.